Why did you come in
so late last night?
Me and Chance
were just catching up.
Please tell me
you read everybody's script.
Look, I'm sorry.
Things got crazy.
I promise,
next week, I got y'all.
It's a questionnaire
that requires you
to look at your partner
and your relationship.
Enjoying your new life
as an actress?
Ah, well, I still have
to teach yoga part-time.
You wanna grab a drink
sometime?
I feel like every time I try
to do something nice,
you have an issue.
We're experiencing
two very different Hollywoods.
I'm bisexual.
All right.
I think we should get started.
Hattie, you're up.
-So y'all ready for my notes?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay, I wrote 'em down.
-All right.
-Okay.
Jackson, I thought your script
was a really cool idea,
but that last act
needs so much work.
I'm aware.
And all the women
are sounding the same.
I mean, you gotta give me
some variety, bro.
And why did you have the dad
kill his boss like that?
I mean, he could have gave him
a warning or something first.
It just came out of nowhere,
and honestly, I didn't buy it.
Tisha. Tisha, Tisha, Tisha.
-You got skills, okay?
-Hey!
But I could not stand
your damn protagonist.
She reminded me of this girl
that I used to date
back in the day
that was always sucking
her teeth for no reason.
And it also seemed like she was
always mad about something
and I just didn't know what,
you know?
Damn, can you just be nice
for a second?
And, I don't know, it feels
very angry Black woman.
And I know we trying
to get away from that trope.
-Let that go.
-Uh-huh.
Idina, my girl,
your script was so relatable.
Like, I could really
see myself in Robbie.
I mean, she was hilarious,
a bit of a hot mess,
but I liked her.
The only thing
I didn't understand
was why Isabelle
was so into her, though.
Like, Izzy had a great life.
She's got the fly store.
She's got the cool whip.
She's obviously a great cook.
Why is she following
behind this dusty-ass girl?
I don't know,
I guess I'm just not here
for the unrequited
lesbian love story right now.
Maybe 'cause I've been through
that shit too many times.
And the truth is,
these characters are just
a little too happy for me.
I mean, I've been
through that shit.
Ain't nothing happy about it.
And to be real with you,
at one point, I just wished
they would just move on
and go their separate ways, but
then you wouldn't have a show,
so never mind.
All right, thank you, Hattie,
for being overly prepared.
Oh, yeah, I told you
I was gon' come prepared today.
-Mm.
-Yeah, I ain't come to play.
So how did I do?
Uh, you did great.
Just next time,
you don't have to go so hard.
When we say first brush,
we just want
your general thoughts,
not everything
you hated about it.
Oh, my bad.
See, I ain't used
to being around people.
Well, if you wanna get staffed,
you're gonna have
to get used to it.
You right.
But honestly, I think
you'll be great in a room.
I'm pretty sure
you're gonna get on
most of the people's nerves...
But you'll keep
everybody awake.
Well, I'll take that.
So you really
didn't like my script, huh?
Nah, I liked it,
and it was really nice
to read somebody else's script
instead of just
staring at my own all day.
-Yeah, I feel the same way.
-Mm-hmm.
And it also reminds me
I'm not the only one out here
struggling to get words
on the page.
Yeah.
Thank you, Idina.
Being a part of this group
has been really nice.
It's been really nice
having you.
Hey, would you wanna
go catch a movie, or--
Oh, shit.
Is everything okay?
Marie's calling
an emergency meeting.
What's the emergency?
I don't know, but it must be
something serious
'cause she ain't called
one of these in a minute.
Look, I'ma go figure out
what's going on.
-I'll catch you later?
-Okay, cool.
And you need to bring snacks
next time.
I got you.
I'ma bring some barbeque
pork rinds next time.
What? Don't nobody eat those.
upbeat piano music
Chuck is bi?!
You know, technically,
this ain't a real emergency,
right, because
I already knew that.
But I'm just glad
that he's owning his truth.
I need to process this.
-Have you processed this?
-Yes, I have.
Probably 'cause
you already knew, right?
Hattie, if he didn't come out
to you, you're just assuming.
Girl, I know my people.
Then why didn't you
tell me about it?
Because I couldn't tell you
that I think your man is gay.
Well, he's not.
You right. He's bi.
So what are we doing
about this?
We're not doing anything.
We're still gonna be together.
And that's not abnormal.
I know a lot of straight dudes
that date bi girls
and a lot of bi dudes
that date straight girls.
And, you know,
that's just how it goes.
It's okay.
So you guys are okay?
Yeah, we're fine.
And he's cool with you
telling us that he's bi?
I asked for his permission
last night.
How forward-thinking of you.
I just wanted you both to know.
I'm still digesting.
I've digested.
Me and Ben hung out
the other night.
Why?
He asked me
to have drinks with him.
-Mm-mm.
-He's not that bad.
Well, he's definitely
ready to leave Lauren.
He just wants a Black trophy
on his arm.
Do not fall for his bullshit.
Oh, shit. I gotta take this.
Don't tell anyone else
about Chuck.
-We got you.
-Duh.
-Bye.
Hello?
I'm still in shock, by the way.
I don't know why.
When are you gonna tell Marie
about you and Ida?
I don't know.
Whenever I know
what the hell we are.
upbeat music
I emailed you the proposal.
Did you get it?
I did, and I got
some questions for you.
Okay.
Why do we need Monument?
Why do we need
any of these white folks?
Because historical dramas
cost money.
-I got money.
-Not enough to pay for this.
I know people
with more money than me.
It isn't just about the money.
You need infrastructure,
distribution,
someone to take care
of all the paperwork.
We can get people
to do all of that.
Look, I've been hustling
my whole life.
If I get to the pros,
I can make a damn movie.
Those are two
very different things.
I get it.
You're not here for it
right now, and that's okay.
I'ma keep working on you.
Then we gon' get there.
Okay, well, in the meantime,
can we talk directors?
We can talk Black directors.
Perfect, because
that's all I have to present.
Wonderful.
That's all I wanted to hear.
Why are you so happy?
'Cause I finally found
my writer community,
and 'cause I'm finally
not scared of you.
Am I really that scary?
Yes.
I'm just blunt.
And you can be
a little cold too.
Ida B.!
-Hey.
-So glad to run into you.
Uh, what a surprise
to see you here.
I am loving the new season
of "Cocoa's Butter,"
by the way.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, this is Hattie.
She is an amazing young writer.
Look at you,
always mentoring
the next generation.
Yeah, that's Ida B., all right,
always reaching back while
climbing the corporate ladder.
Hattie, pay close attention.
You've got a lot to learn
from this smart lady.
Oh, I'm taking notes.
-She's adorable.
-Yes, she is.
Do you ladies need
anything else?
-Just the check.
-Hattie.
I'll pay for my shit.
You can pay for yours.
-Hattie--
-I'll come back in a bit.
You know, man, I don't know
why I keep giving you chances.
What was I supposed to do?
Introduce you as my girlfriend?
You could have at least
introduced me as your friend.
I would have taken that.
I thought you were taking care
of your half of the bill.
I'll Cash App you.
-Hey.
Don't be scared.
Take your moment.
I don't know.
It feels weird
to walk down a red carpet
if nobody knows who I am.
Random people walk red carpets
all the time.
I know; I don't wanna be
one of those people.
If you keep killing it
on social media,
you'll be
the most famous person here.
You just need
to keep building your brand.
Yeah, but if I keep
building my brand,
I won't have any time
to focus on my craft.
There are a lot of big stars
who haven't worked
on their craft in years.
-I know; I can tell.
Trust me. You're a star.
hip-hop music
Yeah, a big bang
when you swing
That's too much to handle
Drop a yogi insane,
need to burn...
Here we go.
Ooh, let's take a selfie.
-All right.
-Okay.
-Me.
Okay.
They love you.
Hmm?
So it's basically
a movie about joy.
That sounds amazing.
Yeah, it'll feature people
doing positive things.
-Nice!
-Like falling in love.
Ooh!
Looking up the sky
and laughing for no reason.
At the end,
everyone goes to space,
and they fight evil aliens.
Wow! That sounds...interesting.
Well, it's still early days,
-but my bosses love the concept.
-Okay.
Yeah.
Marie hates it, of course.
Yeah, she hates anything
that's not serious.
I keep telling her
to lighten up.
You've been telling her that
for years.
My mission is to make a movie
that everyone likes.
-That's impossible.
-Nothing is impossible.
Hi, we can sit you now,
if you wanna follow me, please?
Okay.
solemn music
Can't get on the road,
'cause I ain't done yet
Time is causing conflict
Yeah, wonder where I'm at,
probably somewhere different
Been dull, I guess there's
somethin' I'm missing...
-It hurt, don't it?
-What?
Getting rejected
by somebody you like.
Look, I apologized to you.
We had a whole
"coming to Jesus" about it.
Please don't throw that back
in my face right now.
I'm distraught.
Please, you know
she ain't shit,
but you still
keep crawling back.
Yeah, man, she...
she rented out
a whole restaurant for us.
She gave me notes on my script.
She lets me drink after her.
And we had a connection,
all right?
Then why are you here?
Because I needed to be
with a friend tonight.
But you got two best friends.
Okay, and they're straight,
and sometimes,
they don't understand, so--
So I'm your gay friend?
No, you're somebody
who gets me.
Yeah, but I can't be
your shoulder to cry on
every time
she breaks your heart.
I know,
and I'm not trying to use you.
I just like hanging out
with you.
And I like hanging out
with you too.
You've changed my life.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I mean, you let me
into your writers' group.
You don't let me
get away with shit.
And, you know,
I can always count on you.
That means something to me.
I wonder who that is.
If you keep running back,
she'll never change.
I know.
She wants me to meet her
at her house.
Of course, she does.
I think I'm gonna break it off.
-Yeah, right.
-I'm serious.
Like, I can't
take this no more.
Wow. I'm proud of you.
Pray for me.
-Okay.
-No, I mean it.
When I ask people
to pray for me,
I really want you to.
I'm not really a believer.
But my father is a preacher,
so I got you.
I didn't know
your father was a preacher.
-Yep.
-How come you never told me?
You never asked.
Mine's a comic.
Ha! That explains a lot.
Why? 'Cause I'm so funny?
No, 'cause you're always broke.
Damn, you ain't had to do me
like that, though.
I'm just saying,
the life of a comic.
That's it.
I'ma go, on that note.
I think it's time for me to go.
-A'ight.
-All right.
I know "Cocoa's Butter"
is a good show,
but just be careful
you don't get stuck there.
I wouldn't mind that.
I'm sure the people are nice,
but at some point,
you're gonna have to move on.
-Move on to what?
-Movies.
Who's gonna put me in a movie?
You?
I have the power to do that.
I'm serious.
You're a leading lady.
Can I be
a complicated leading lady?
I think people want
someone effervescent
and funny and carefree.
-That sounds a little boring.
-Trust me.
It's what the people want. Hmm?
romantic music
Why are we outside?
-It's a surprise.
-Okay.
-Now, open.
-Mm-hmm.
Did you really make us
our own Cinespia?
Yeah, I did.
You know this is
another version
of us being at that
restaurant alone, right?
No, no, this is just
an apology for earlier.
Look, I know that
I still have work to do.
Yeah, I mean...
until you can start to
acknowledge whatever this is,
I ain't kissing you,
I ain't touching you.
I ain't doing nothing with you.
Oh, that's pretty harsh.
Something's gotta change.
That's fair.
Uh-uh-uh.
No holding hands either.
So you're gonna sit down
next to me watching   Mahogany,
and not hold my hand?
We watching   Mahogany?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Well, I guess we can do
a light hand-touch.
-Light gripping.
Don't use my own moves
against me.
Mmm.
Oh, you got the good shit.
Yeah, I asked the guy for the
most expensive vape they had.
-Is this shit gold-plated?
-I think so.
upbeat music
I think Quintrell has a point.
Y'all don't need a studio
to make that movie.
Yes, we do.
No, things are changing.
Now, I know you were raised
by old school execs,
but there's a new way
of doing things.
I think that's
just wishful thinking.
No, that's you not
wanting things to change.
Of course,
I want things to change.
I-I think the industry sucks.
Then start working
outside of it.
I don't wanna bite the hand
that feeds me.
Oh, you mean the same hand
that chose Ben over you
for the promotion.
Too soon.
I'm not telling you
to quit your job.
I'm just saying,
you hear the brother out.
If the movie goes up
in flames, I'm blaming you.
The last time I faced my fear,
things didn't go too bad.
I hear you.
Success.
A'ight.
Wait, so you're really
not gonna stay over?
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
No kiss good night?
Nah, I don't--
I don't think that's smart.
Okay.
I mean, look,
you know how much I like
hanging out with you, and--
I've enjoyed it as well.
But I really think that
we should take a break.
From what?
I mean, we're not even
really a couple.
Exactly.
I mean, I'm tired
of being in shit
when I don't really know
what it is.
It makes me sad.
apprehensive hip-hop music
Well, I don't want that.
I know we could just
keep playing these games,
but at the end of the day,
I'm gon' lose.
Thank you for this.
But you don't
really mean that
So what do we do now?
It's funny
how it all turned out
So where do we go now?
Hey, can you meet me
at our spot?
Sometimes I just
Rather stay at home
and chill
Sometimes I wish
I ain't never
catch feelings
Just wanna roll it,
smoke him up, no prime
Roll it, roll it,
roll it up one time
Why your loving
always gets me high?
I'm so confused
Why do you do this
to me every time?
It's supposed
to fill me...
Hey.
-What?
What you been smoking?
Some expensive shit.
-I thought you were broke.
-I am.
My friend hooked it up.
-There you are.
-Thank you.
Who is this friend?
Oh, so you don't wanna tell me?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'll be a'ight.
It sounded like something
was wrong on the phone.
No, nothing's wrong.
I just wanted to see you.
How are you?
For real?
Yeah, for real.
I can't stop fantasizing
about Quintrell.
I don't know
what to do about it.
Shit, ain't nothing wrong
with fantasizing about people.
I do that shit all the time.
Shit, I had a dream about
CeCe Peniston last night.
-Throwback.
-Right.
Finally,
it's happened to me
Right in front of my face
But I just cannot hide it
- Meeting Mr. Right
-Sing.
The man of my dreams
The one who shows me
true love
Or at least it seems
With brown cocoa skin
and curly black hair
It's just the way
he looks at me
That gentle, loving stare
- Finally--
-Oh, that was a little high.
You've come along
The way I feel about you
- It just can't be wrong
-Can't be.
'Cause if you only knew
The way I feel about you
I just can't describe it,
oh, no-no
Okay. Okay, do it again.
-Me?
-Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.
Oh, no-no
You want to hear me
do it again?
-You do it. You do it.
- Oh, no-no
-Okay!
Yeah, that sounded like
a little Janet, a little bit.
Had to go a little sultry.